♪ ♪
>> Eureka: SHANGIE?
>> Shangela: YEAH?
>> Eureka: YOU SAID GO THIS WAY
122 MILES AND NOW WHERE ARE WE?
>> Shangela: WE'RE HERE.
>> Eureka: MISS --
[LAUGHS]
I THINK THIS IS LIKE THE
FRIENDSHIP BRIDGE OR SOMETHING.
>> Bob: YEAH, WE'RE --
>> Shangela: NO, IT'S NOT A
BRIDGE, IT SHOULD BE A STADIUM.
>> Eureka: YOU GOT TO GO THE
OTHER WAY.
THAT'S MEXICO, THIS IS AMERICA.
>> Bob: WE'RE GOING TO DEL RIO.
>> Eureka: DEL RIO, TEXAS.
>> Shangela: WOOHOO!
>> Eureka: IT'S THAT WAY, GIRL.
COME ON, MISS THING.
COME ON, GIRL.
COME ON.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> Bob: LOOK AT THIS.
IT SAYS "NO HIGH HEELS."
>> Eureka: OH, SHIT.
>> Shangela: NO HIGH HEELS?
LOOK I WALKED FROM MEXICO.
>> Eureka: NOW THEY KNOW I
DIDN'T WALK FROM MEXICO, BITCH.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: HEY, EVERYBODY.
HI.
IS THERE A GAME TONIGHT?
>> Eureka: WE CAME TO PLAY WITH
BALLS.
LIKE FOOTBALLS, GIRL.
DIRTY MINDS.
>> Shangela: AND DO YOU ALL
SUPPORT THE RAMS?
>> YEAH!
>> Shangela: ARE THESE THE RAM
COLORS?
[CHEERING]
>> Shangela: OKAY.
>> Bob: NO?
>> Shangela: THANK YOU.
>> Eureka: YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
>> Shangela: THE FACT THAT I'VE
BEEN TOGETHER IN A CORSET IS
ALREADY A WIN, OKAY, ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
>> Eureka: HUT, HUT.
>> Shangela: BOB, THROW THE
BALL.
>> Bob: BITCH.
>> YOUR HAIR IS A WALMART
VISION.
>> Eureka: OH, REALLY?
OH, MINE'S WALMART, WELL YOURS
IS DOLLAR TREE, HOW 'BOUT THAT?
>> Shangela: OH, SHOOT, OH,
SHOOT.
OOH, BITCH.
UH, EXCUSE ME.
THIS IS COUTURE.
OH, MY GOD.
>> Shangela: YOU KNOW EVERY IDEA
IS NOT A GOOD ONE.
>> Eureka: YEAH.
>> Eureka: WE'RE IN DEL RIO,
TEXAS, WHERE IT'S AS HOT AS
LITERALLY SATAN'S BACKYARD.
>> Shangela: DEL RIO FEELS LIKE
YOUR CLASSIC SMALL TOWN.
THERE'S, YOU KNOW, YOUR LITTLE
GROCERY STORES, YOUR LITTLE
RESTAURANTS.
I DON'T FEEL ANY HOSTILITY BUT I
GREW UP IN TEXAS AND PEOPLE WERE
VERY UNCOMFORTABLE SAYING THE
WORD "GAY."
>> Bob: IT'S A BORDER TOWN.
I MEAN, WE'RE LIKE TEN MINUTES
FROM MEXICO.
>> Shangela: TEJANO INFLUENCE
HERE IS STRONG.
IT'S THIS BEAUTIFUL BLEND OF
CULTURES BETWEEN TEXAS AND
MEXICO.
>> Eureka: SUN'S SHINING TOO
BRIGHT AND TOO HOT NOT TO HAVE
SOME FUN AND POSITIVE LIGHT IN
THIS DAMN CITY.
♪ ♪
>> DEL RIO, TEXAS, IS MY HOME
TOWN.
I FEEL DEL RIO IS A VERY UNIQUE
CITY.
I FEEL LIKE ALL BORDER TOWN
COMMUNITIES ARE VERY UNIQUE.
>> HOW'S IT GOING!
>> IN A SENSE THAT THEY ARE A
CULTURAL MIX OF HISTORIES, OF
LANGUAGES, OF MUSIC AND I'M VERY
PROUD TO BE TEJANO.
>> MOMMY, I'M GONNA GO TO WORK.
LOVE YOU.
>> I LOVE YOU, TOO.
>> BYE.
>> BYE-BYE.
>> TEJANO CULTURE, WE KIND OF
GET BLENDED IN WITH JUST BEING
HISPANIC, BUT WE'RE MORE THAN
THAT.
IT'S THE COWBOY HAT, IT'S THE
BULL RIDING, IT'S THE FAMILY
UNIT, AND I'M THE EMBODIMENT OF
THAT.
>> HOW'S IT GOING?
ARE YOU STAYING OUT OF
TROUBLE?
>> MY HOMETOWN MIGHT BE
A LITTLE BIT CONSERVATIVE BUT
DEL RIO HAS ELECTED ME AND THEY
TOOK A CHANCE ON ME.
AND I'M WATCHING THIS COMMUNITY
EMBRACE THIS QUEER TEJANO
RUNNING THEIR CITY.
>> WELCOME TO DEL RIO.
>> HAPPY PRIDE MONTH, BY THE
WAY.
>> Shangela: THANK YOU.
>> IT'S GOOD TO HAVE YOU IN DEL
RIO.
>> OH, MY GOD, I'M SO EXCITED
YOU'RE HERE.
>> Shangela: YOU LOOK FANTASTIC.
>> AS DO YOU.
>> Shangela: I'M JUST SO HAPPY
TO MEET YOU IN YOUR HABITAT.
>> THIS IS MY OFFICE, THIS IS --
>> Shangela: THIS IS GREAT.
>> MY OFFICE FOR THE LAST THREE
YEARS.
>> Shangela: IS THAT YOUR FIRST
TIME AS MAYOR?
>> FIRST TIME.
I HAD NO GOVERNMENT EXPERIENCE.
>> Shangela: AND YOU WERE LIKE,
YOU KNOW WHAT, I'M GONNA BE
MAYOR?
>> I LOVE THIS TOWN.
I DO.
I WAS BORN AND RAISED HERE,
HOWEVER, I LEFT FOR 15 YEARS,
GIRL.
>> Shangela: WOW.
>> WHEN I WAS A GRADUATE OF DEL
RIO HIGH SCHOOL 2001, I JUST
WANTED TO GET AS FAR AWAY AS
POSSIBLE BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, I
KNEW THAT I WAS A GAY GUY LIVING
IN A PRETTY CONSERVATIVE SMALL
TOWN, YOU KNOW.
>> I MEAN I USED TO GET MADE FUN
AS A KID.
GROWING UP IT WAS AWFUL, I
COULDN'T STAND HIGH SCHOOL,
REALLY.
>> Shangela: KNOWING WHAT YOU
WENT THROUGH AS A TEEN HERE, DID
IT MAKE YOU NERVOUS PUTTING YOUR
NAME ON THE BALLOT AND BEING
LIKE, I'M GONNA RUN TO LIKE RUN
THE CITY?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I GREW UP IN POST-INTERNET
LIFETIME, YOU KNOW, SO THERE WAS
A COUPLE PHOTOS ON MY INSTAGRAM
AND MY FACEBOOK PAGE THAT THE
PREVIOUS MAYOR USED AGAINST ME
DURING HIS CAMPAIGN.
PICTURE OF ME IN MY HEELS AND MY
SPEEDO AND MY TUTU, YOU KNOW,
AND MY LITTLE, MY LITTLE CHEEKY
CHEEKAHS SHOWING AND --
>> Shangela: AND THIS WAS YOUR
SATURDAY LOOK OR YOUR PRIDE?
>> IT WAS MY PRIDE LOOK.
YEAH, I'M PRETTY OUT THERE.
>> Shangela: YES.
>> AND SO, LIKE, HE KEPT TRYING
TO SHOW THESE PICTURES ON THE
SIDE --
>> Shangela: TO SHAME YOU?
>> TO SHAME ME AND IT ENDED UP
GETTING MORE CURIOSITY AND I GOT
MORE LIKES OUT OF IT, AND I HAVE
NOTHING TO HIDE.
THIS IS WHO I AM, YOU EITHER
TAKE ME OR YOU DON'T.
>> Shangela: MMMHMM.
>> AND I'M NOT HERE TO DISCUSS
MY SEXUALITY, BUT WE CAN TALK
ABOUT IT ALL DAY LONG.
>> Shangela: RIGHT.
>> OR WE CAN TALK ABOUT THE
THINGS THAT MATTER, WHICH IS
INFRASTRUCTURE, ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT, AND ACCOUNTABILITY.
YOU PICK, YOU PICK WHAT YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT.
AND THE MAJORITY OF THE
PEOPLE IN THIS COMMUNITY DON'T
EVEN CARE ABOUT THAT.
THEY CARE ABOUT HOW ARE YOU
GONNA MAKE MY COMMUNITY A BETTER
PLACE TO LIVE.
AND THAT IS WHAT MY HEART IS ALL
ABOUT.
IT TOOK OFF AND I WON WITH 62%
OF THE VOTE.
>> Shangela: AND SO MANY
PLACES TRY TO DEMONIZE OUR WAY
OF LIFE, RIGHT?
>> ESPECIALLY IN THIS COMMUNITY.
>> Shangela: WHY DO YOU SAY
THAT?
BECAUSE IT'S SUCH A --
>> IT'S TEJANO.
IT'S WHERE TEX MEX.
THERE'S THIS SENSE OF WHAT A MAN
SHOULD BE LIKE, YOU KNOW, IN DEL
RIO.
LIKE, WE DIDN'T EVEN SAY THE
WORD "GAY."
WE WOULD SAY, OH, YOU'RE "LIKE
THAT."
>> Shangela: RIGHT.
>> I MEAN, IT WAS SO TABOO TO
EVEN SAY THE WORD, AND I WAS
THREATENED DURING THE COUNCIL
MEETING, AND THE GUY SAID
SOMETHING TO THE EFFECT OF,
LET'S DO LIKE THE OLD TIMES AND
BASH THIS GAY BRUNO DUDE.
AND SO THE FBI HAD TO GET
INVOLVED.
YOU KNOW, IT HAPPENS.
>> Shangela: IF YOU ASKED ME
YEARS AGO, WOULD THERE BE AN
OPENLY GAY MAYOR IN A SMALL
CONSERVATIVE TOWN, I WOULD GO,
GIRL, NO.
BUT THEY VOTED FOR BRUNO.
>> Shangela: WHAT DO YOU THINK
THAT YOU PERFORMING IN DRAG IN
THIS PARTICULAR COMMUNITY IS
GOING TO DO?
>> I WANTED TO BE THE MAYOR THAT
I ALWAYS WANTED A MAYOR TO BE.
I AM WHO I AM AND I'M WILLING TO
EXPRESS MY PERSONALITY IN ANY
FORMAT POSSIBLE.
KNOWING WHAT WE JUST WENT
THROUGH FOR THE LAST YEAR WITH
COVID, COMING OUT AND EMBRACING
MY COMMUNITY ONCE AGAIN AND
PERFORMING WILL GIVE PEOPLE
HOPE, ESPECIALLY THE YOUTH, THAT
THIS TOO SHALL PASS.
>> Shangela: HALLELOO.
>> YEAH.
>> Shangela: I LOVE IT.
♪ ♪
>> SISTER, WORK IS KICKING MY
ASS AND I NEED A BREAK FROM
WORK, SO LIKE, IT --
>> I THOUGHT YOU HAD SOMETHING
ON YOUR CHIN.
>> MY BEARD MAYBE.
[LAUGHTER]
>> DUDE, HIS SHIRT IS SO CUTE,
RIGHT.
>> GIRL, IT'S --
>> Eureka: HELLO, DID SOMEBODY
ORDER A DRAG MOTHER?
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> Eureka: OH, MY GOD.
AREN'T YOU GORGEOUS?
OH, MY GOD, YOU ARE STUN.
>> EUREKA, THESE ARE MY BEST
FRIENDS.
I KNOW!
THIS IS MANYA AND THAT'S IESHA.
>> Eureka: HI, IESHA, I FEEL
LIKE I UNDER DRESSED.
>> GIRL, YOU DID.
>> Eureka: MAMA, CAN I SIT HERE?
>> GO FOR IT, GO FOR IT.
>> Eureka: IS THIS YOU?
>> YES.
>> Eureka: YES, YOU GOT THE BAG
TOO?
MY GOD!
HOW LONG HAVE YOU ALL BEEN
FRIENDS?
>> MY FIRST JOB WAS AT McDONALDS
AND WE ALL STARTED AT McDONALDS.
>> AT THIS POINT, IT'S LIKE NOT
EVEN FRIENDS BUT IT'S FAMILY.
>> Eureka: I LOVE THAT.
>> I'LL GO HOME, LIKE, JUST TELL
MY MOM I WAS BY MYSELF AND
THEY'RE LIKE, WHERE'S JOEY?
AND I'M LIKE, HELLO, I'M YOUR
DAUGHTER.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Eureka: HOW DO YOU IDENTIFY?
>> MY -- AT THE, LIKE, I'M
CALLING MYSELF HE AND HIM FOR --
YEAH, BUT LIKE, I DON'T FEEL
LIKE THIS IS MY AUTHENTIC SELF.
I'M JUST DOING IT FOR LIKE THE
SAFETY OF MY FAMILY.
>> Eureka: SO YOU MEAN YOU'RE
GOING BY HE/HIM FOR THEM, IS
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?
>> YES.
>> Eureka: I THINK GENDER
JOURNEYS ARE JUST ALL ABOUT
DOING WHAT YOU NEED TO DO TO
MAKE YOURSELF HAPPY.
>> I DEFINITELY IDENTIFY MYSELF
AS A FEM BOY, I EXPRESS MYSELF
THROUGH CLOTHING AND THROUGH
MAKEUP.
BUT AS A GAY MAN, I QUESTION
MYSELF A LOT.
SO I DON'T KNOW IF I'M GENERALLY
HAPPY AS A WOMAN OR AS A MAN.
>> Eureka: HOW DO PEOPLE TREAT
YOU?
THEY TREAT YOU OKAY HERE?
>> UM.
THERE'S ALWAYS PEOPLE STARING AT
ME AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
AND, BUT OTHER THAN -- I JUST GO
ON ABOUT MY DAY, LIKE IF YOU
WANT TO STARE AT ME, STARE AT ME
IF YOU WANT.
BECAUSE AT LEAST I'M GETTING
ATTENTION.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA GET FROM
GIVING ME A DIRTY ASS LOOK?
LITERALLY.
>> Eureka: QUEER PEOPLE, THEY
GENDER-BEND, LIKE WE HAVE TO BE
THE MOST CONFIDENT PEOPLE IN THE
WORLD BECAUSE EVERYONE TESTS IT,
YOU KNOW.
>> IT WAS DEFINITELY HARD
BECAUSE MY DAD'S SIDE OF THE
FAMILY, ARE LIKE MACHO, MACHO
AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
MY DAD, HE'S COME A LONG WAY BUT
STILL, WHEN I'M LIKE THIS, HE
DOESN'T REALLY TALK TO ME TO MY
FACE.
HE'S ALL LOOKING, LIKE, AROUND.
LIKE, HE'S NOT LOOKING AT EYES.
>> Eureka: YEAH, LIKE HE CAN'T
LOOK YOU IN THE EYE.
YOU FEEL THE RESISTANCE.
>> OUT OF THREE, I'M THE ONLY
BOY AND I HAVE TWO OLDER
SISTERS.
>> Eureka: OH, WOW.
>> SO THERE IS MOMENTS OF LIKE,
ME GOING TO COSMETOLOGY SCHOOL
MY SOPHOMORE TO JUNIOR YEAR AND
MY MOM WAS LIKE, I ALREADY HAVE
TWO GIRLS, I DON'T NEED ANOTHER,
LIKE, GIRL.
"I WANTED A BOY."
YOU KNOW?
WE'VE NEVER TALKED ABOUT IT
TO, LIKE, CONFRONT THE
SITUATION, BUT JUST THE FACT
THAT SHE'S ACCEPTING ME AND
ALLOWING ME BE LIKE THIS, WHO I
AM IS, MEANS THE WORLD TO ME.
>> Eureka: I KNOW THAT MEANS A
LOT, BUT I THINK THAT THESE
THINGS THAT WERE SAID IN YOUR
PAST STILL SIT WITH YOU, SO IT'S
OKAY, YOU KNOW THAT YOU'RE STILL
TRAUMATIZED BY THOSE THINGS THAT
YOU GREW UP HEARING ALL THE
TIME.
SORRY.
DO YOU MIND IF WE STEP AWAY AND
CHAT?
>> JUST LIKE, HARD, BECAUSE I
DON'T WANT TO PUSH THEM AWAY
FROM MY LIFE, THEY'RE MY
PARENTS.
I'M IN A GOOD PLACE AND I DON'T
WANT TO LIKE -- I JUST FEEL
LIKE --
>> Eureka: IT'S OKAY.
I'M SO SORRY.
>> I JUST FEEL LIKE I'VE JUST
DISAPPOINTED THEM SO MUCH EVEN
THOUGH THEY, THEY SAY THEY
ACCEPT ME AND LOVE ME AND
EVERYTHING, I JUST FEEL LIKE
THEY'RE -- THEY DON'T.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE
A DISAPPOINTMENT, I JUST WANT
THEM TO BE --
>> Eureka: HERE YOU GO.
>> I JUST WANT THEM TO BE HAPPY
FOR ME AND, LIKE, YOU KNOW, I'M
DOING THESE THINGS IN MY LIFE
FOR MYSELF AND --
>> Eureka: BITCH, IT'S HARD,
PERIOD.
LIKE, MAYBE THIS IS THE FIRST
TIME THAT YOU'RE ACTUALLY, LIKE,
FACING IT HEAD-ON WITH THIS
EXPERIENCE.
TAKE THE TIME THAT YOU NEED TO
DISCOVER YOUR GENDER IDENTITY.
SO LIKE, I KNOW THAT YOU'RE
WORRIED ABOUT, LIKE, MAYBE HOW
YOUR PARENTS WILL TAKE IT AND
THINGS LIKE THAT, BUT I JUST
WOULDN'T PUT THAT PRESSURE ON
YOURSELF BECAUSE, GIRL, THIS IS
A REALLY HUGE EXPERIENCE THAT
YOU'RE PUTTING YOURSELF IN, SO
IT'S GONNA BE EMOTIONAL.
>> I KNOW.
IT'S THE FIRST DAY AND I'M
ALREADY CRYING A LOT.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Eureka: GIVE ME SOME LOVE.
>> YES, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Eureka: AND I CAN'T WAIT TO
SEE YOU THIS WEEK.
THANKS FOR SHARING SO MUCH WITH
ME.
>> NO PROBLEM.
♪ ♪
>> MY NAME IS ESAEL RIVAS, I WAS
BORN HERE IN DEL RIO BUT MY
PARENTS ARE MEXICAN SO I
BASICALLY GREW UP IN ACUNA.
I DO FEEL LIKE THESE TWO PLACES
ARE MY HOME.
WHEN I REALIZED THAT I LIKED
GUYS, IT WAS REALLY SCARED FOR
ME BECAUSE, LIKE, IF YOU'RE A
BOY YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE
TO SHOW YOURSELF AS A MAN, YOU
KNOW.
WHENEVER I STARTED, YOU KNOW,
FEEL MORE COMFORTABLE ABOUT
MYSELF, I JUST FELT LIKE
OKAY, WHAT IF, LIKE, PEOPLE
STARTED LOOKING AT ME DIFFERENT?
>> HAVE A GOOD DAY, SIR.
>> Bob: ESAEL, RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> Bob: OH, HOW ARE YOU?
>> PRETTY GOOD.
>> Bob: OH, OH, IS IT A SHAKE,
IS IT, WHAT DO WE DO HERE?
>> HOWEVER YOU WANT.
>> Bob: WE CAN HUG.
>> IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> Bob: IT IS NICE TO MEET YOU,
TOO.
>> DO YOU WANT TO GET A PLATE?
>> Bob: I'M STARVING.
>> WE HAVE BRISKET, OH, LOOK WE
HAVE RIBS RIGHT HERE, DO YOU
WANT TO GET A RIBS?
>> Bob: WHATEVER YOU WOULD HAVE,
I WANT WHAT YOU WOULD HAVE.
I WOULD LIKE THE ESAEL SPECIAL.
>> MORE BRISKET.
>> Bob: MORE?
YOU ARE REALLY TRYING TO PLUMP
ME UP.
>> THERE YOU GO, SIR.
>> Bob: WORK.
>> Bob: SO DO YOU KNOW A LOT
ABOUT LIKE DRAG AT ALL?
>> NO, I'M GONNA BE HONEST, NO.
LIKE, IF I'M BEING HONEST WITH
YOU, I DIDN'T KNOW YOU UNTIL I
SAW "WE'RE HERE."
>> Bob: YOU DIDN'T EVEN KNOW OF
US?
>> I THINK I HEARD OF SHANGELA
ONCE, BUT OTHER THAN THAT --
I GUESS BECAUSE TIK TOK?
I DON'T KNOW.
>> Bob: WE'RE LIKE GAY FAMOUS.
>> I KNOW.
BUT --
>> Bob: NOT FAMOUS ENOUGH.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE NEVER WATCHED DRAG MYSELF.
>> Bob: SO, SO, OKAY, SO IF
YOU'VE NEVER DONE DRAG OR SEEN
IT, WHY DO YOU -- WHY WOULD YOU
WANT TO DO THIS?
>> WELL, I FEEL LIKE THIS IS
GONNA BE THE MOST GAYEST THING I
EVER DID IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
>> Bob: REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> Bob: I GUESS IT IS PRETTY
GAY.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Bob: ARE YOU NERVOUS ABOUT
PEOPLE SEEING YOU?
>> A LITTLE.
>> Bob: WHO ARE YOU AFRAID WILL
SEE YOU, LIKE YOUR FAMILY?
>> I'M NOT OUT OF THE CLOSET
WITH THEM.
>> Bob: OH.
>> SO, IT'S LIKE --
>> Bob: NOW IT'S ALL COMING
TOGETHER AND MAKING SENSE.
>> HOW DO I TELL THEM LIKE, HEY,
I'M DOING THIS BECAUSE I AM GAY,
WITHOUT TELLING THEM THAT I'M
GAY FIRST?
>> Bob: I GUESS THAT'S A LOT TO
COME OUT AT ONCE.
>> IT'S NOT ABOUT HOW WOULD THEY
REACT TO IT.
IT'S MORE ABOUT HOW COULD THEY
CHANGE THE WAY THEY LOOK AT ME.
LIKE, YES, WELL, I'M GAY BUT I'M
STILL LIKE, ESAEL, I'M STILL
YOUR SON.
I DON'T WANT MY SEXUALITY TO
BECOME EVERYTHING THEY SEE.
>> Bob: YOU DON'T WANT IT TO BE
YOUR DEFINING CHARACTERISTIC.
>> MMHMM.
IT'S JUST SCARY, YOU KNOW.
>> Bob: YEAH.
I DO.
LIKE, WHAT, LIKE IF YOU STARTED
DATING?
YOU KNOW, DO YOU DATE?
DO YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND?
>> A BOYFRIEND?
NO.
>> Bob: NO.
>> I MEAN, I JUST --
>> Bob: GET AROUND?
>> YEAH.
[LAUGHTER]
WELL, NO, NOT LIKE THAT.
>> Bob: [LAUGHS]
>> Bob: I AM EXCITED FOR ESAEL
TO BE THE CENTER OF ATTENTION.
I'M EXCITED FOR HIM TO BE ABLE
TO CREATE MEMORIES THAT REVOLVE
AROUND QUEERNESS.
>> Bob: LAST QUESTION.
CAN YOU WALK IN HEELS?
>> I'VE NEVER WALKED IN HEELS.
>> Bob: ABSOLUTELY NO PRESSURE.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
>> OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
>> Bob: IT'S GONNA BE A FUN
WEEK.
>> IT IS.
>> Bob: YOU'RE GONNA HAVE A LOT
OF FUN.
>> YOU'RE GONNA HAVE FUN
VISITING MEXICO.
>> Bob: I CAN'T WAIT.
I CAN'T WAIT.
ALL RIGHT, BE SAFE.
>> BYE.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: DO YOU KNOW A LOT OF
TACO TRUCKS?
>> Eureka: IN L.A. THERE'S A
LOT.
>> Bob: 'CAUSE IT FEEL LIKE A
TEXAS THING.
>> Shangela: HELLO.
HI, GORGEOUS.
>> Eureka: AHHHH!
>> Bob: WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT?
TALK TO ME.
>> THAT IS CALLED THE DELUXE.
>> Eureka: I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE TO START.
>> NO, IT'S DELICIOUS.
>> Bob: WELL, I -- I HOPE TO SEE
YOU ALL OVER AT THE SHOW.
>> Shangela: HELLO, Y'ALL.
WE HAVE A SHOW COMING UP ON
THURSDAY IN THE BROWN PLAZA.
>> Eureka: SO, IF YOU ALL WANT
TO COME?
[LAUGHS]
WE WOULD LOVE TO HAVE YOU.
>> Shangela: LIKE HOMBRES QUE
ESTAN COMO CHICOS, CHICAS, LIKE,
AND FABULOUS, Y BAILANDO, DEATH
DROP.
>> Shangela: OOH!
HEY!
HALLELOO!
>> I LOVE YOU!
>> Shangela: THANK YOU, BABY!
HALLELOO!
THEY SAID "SHANGELA."
>> Eureka: THEY SAID "BOB."
>> Shangela: I -- I HEARD
"SHANGELA."
>> Shangela: HOW YOU DOING?
COME SIT DOWN, BABY.
SO WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
>> MY NAME IS OSCAR.
>> Shangela: OSCAR, AND YOU LIVE
HERE IN DEL RIO?
>> YES, I LIVE HERE.
YES, UNFORTUNATELY.
>> Shangela: OH, WHY DO YOU SAY
THAT, OSCAR?
>> THIS TOWN IS LAME.
>> Shangela: OSCAR, I'M GONNA
TELL YOU, WE'RE HAVING A BIG
SHOW ON THURSDAY NIGHT.
>> I WAS SCHEDULED TO WORK, BUT
I FOUND OUT AND I GAVE AWAY MY
SHIFT AND I SAID, I'M GONNA GO.
>> Shangela: YES, BITCH!
YOU'RE COMING TO THE SHOW.
>> Eureka: OSCAR'S GONNA BE IN
THE CHEERING SECTION.
>> AND I'M THE GAY ONE.
>> Eureka: THANK GOD.
WELL THERE'S ALWAYS GOT TO BE A
HOT, SEXY GAY ONE.
>> Eureka: WE RAN INTO A LOT OF
QUEER PEOPLE ACTUALLY.
LIKE THEY'RE NOT REALLY
TOGETHER, THERE'S JUST LIKE ONE
IN EACH GROUP OF STRAIGHT
PEOPLE.
>> OUR FRIENDS SAID, Y'ALL THE
DRAG QUEENS ARE AT --
>> Shangela: THE DRAG QUEENS.
>> THE DRAG QUEENS AND ME AND
ANDI HOPPED IN THE CAR AND WE
SAID, LET'S GO 50 IN A 30.
>> Bob: IT SEEMS LIKE THE QUEER
PEOPLE HERE KNOW OF EACH OTHER,
BUT THEY DON'T KNOW EACH OTHER.
THERE'S NO GAY BAR HERE.
SO, IF THERE'S NO GAY BAR,
THERE'S NO QUEER CENTER, WHERE
DO THE GAY PEOPLE CONVENE?
>> Bob: HEAR YE, HEAR YE!
I, BOB THE DRAG QUEEN,
OFFICIALLY DEEM AQUAS DE LOS
CIELLOS, WHICH HAS THE BEST AGUA
FRESCAS IN TOWN, THE OFFICIAL
GAY BAR OF DEL RIO.
[CHEERING]
>> Bob: IT IS OFFICIAL, IT IS
OFFICIAL.
IT'S A GAY BAR NOW, SO.
[CHEERING]
>> Eureka: WHAT THEY SAID!
♪ ♪
>> Eureka: HI!
HI, JOEY!
>> YOU CATCHED ME RED-HANDED, I
WAS EATING.
>> Eureka: OH, YOU LOOK SO CUTE.
>> THANK YOU.
THIS IS MI ABULITOS.
>> Eureka: EUREKA, WHAT A
PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
>> PLEASURE TO MEET YOU,
PLEASURE'S MINE.
>> Eureka: OH, THIS IS DAD?
OOH, HE'S HANDSOME.
>> OH, REALLY?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
>> Eureka: THIS IS AMAZING.
>> YES.
>> DO YOU NOT SPEAK SPANISH?
>> Eureka: NOT VERY MUCH.
I'M AWFUL, ACTUALLY NOT AT ALL.
>> I'M SORRY, NO SPEAK ENGLISH.
>> Eureka: NO, I'M SORRY, TOO.
>> THEY COME FROM MEXICO,
THEY'RE ORIGINALLY FROM, LIKE,
LITERALLY, LIKE, CROSSING THE
BORDER, LIKE FIVE MINUTES.
>> Eureka: WOW.
AND YOU ARE A FOOTBALL FAN?
>> YEP.
>> DALLAS COWBOYS!
>> Eureka: DALLAS COWBOYS?
I USED TO WANT TO BE A DALLAS
COWBOYS CHEERLEADER.
>> DAD, DO YOU WANT TO SIT OVER
HERE AND I'LL SIT OVER THERE?
>> I WANT SIT RIGHT HERE.
>> Eureka: YEAH, SEE.
HE'S MY DAD NOW.
>> YES!
>> Eureka: SO, YOU ALL KNOW THAT
WE'RE DOING A DRAG SHOW.
HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT DRAG
BEFORE?
>> UH, YES.
UM, SOMETIMES.
>> Eureka: DO YOU KNOW WHAT DRAG
IS?
>> DRESSES AND --
>> Eureka: YEAH, DRESSES, WIGS,
HIGH HEELS, YEP, MAKEUP.
>> BASICALLY WHAT I DO, BUT TEN
TIMES BETTER.
>> I KNOW, I KNOW.
>> [SPANISH]
NO?
NO.
OKAY, THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT DRAG
IS, THAT'S WHATEVER.
THEY DON'T.
>> [SPANISH]
>> Eureka: SO, I HAVE MY
PERFORMANCE CHARACTER NAMED
EUREKA.
>> DO YOU DO YOUR OWN MAKEUP?
>> Eureka: YEAH.
>> WOW.
>> Eureka: DID YOU SEE?
>> OH, WOW, BEAUTIFUL, MAN.
>> Eureka: I KNOW, I KNOW.
>> SO BEAUTIFUL.
>> WHO WANTS TO EAT?
>> Eureka: AHH, YES!
MOM HAS GOT IT.
THIS IS MY KIND OF FOOD, GIRL.
OOH, THAT LOOKS SO GOOD.
>> [PRAYS IN SPANISH]
>> AMEN.
>> Eureka: AMEN, THANK YOU.
HOW WAS IT RAISING
THIS ONE, AS A COLORFUL CHILD
I'M SURE?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> HE WAS THE JOEY OF THE HOUSE
BECAUSE HE ALWAYS PLAYING AND
MAKING NOISE, AND HE WAS ALWAYS
MAKING THE HAIR OF THE TIAS,
AUNTS AND -- AND MAKEUP.
>> Eureka: OH, REALLY?
HOW EARLY DID THAT START?
>> 13, 14.
>> Eureka: WOW.
>> MORE OR LESS 14 YEARS, YEAH.
>> Eureka: AND HOW WAS THAT FOR
YOU?
>> UM --
>> Eureka: IT WAS HARD.
>> IT WAS A LITTLE HARD, BUT
LIKE I SAID, BUT --
>> Eureka: IT'S OKAY, TO BE
HONEST, I'M NOT JUDGING YOU, I'M
NOT HERE TO JUDGE YOU.
>> NO, NO, NO, THANK YOU SO MUCH
BUT, YOU KNOW LIKE, AS A MAN
LIKE ME, IT WAS HARD BECAUSE YOU
EXPECTING SOMETHING, SOMETHING
ELSE.
>> Eureka: YEAH.
>> I REMEMBER A LOT LIKE, THE --
SORRY, I REMEMBER A LOT LIKE THE
CHRISTMAS PARTIES WITH HIM AND
HEARING LIKE HIS BROTHERS AND
THINGS LIKE THAT, LIKE GROWING
UP IN HIS SIDE OF THE FAMILY AND
THINGS LIKE THAT, IT WAS LIKE
THE DEFINITELY THE MACHO SIDE
AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
IT WAS JUST LIKE, IT WAS HARD
GROWING UP AND HEARING ALL OF
THOSE COMMENTS BECAUSE IT WAS
SCARIER FOR ME TO COME OUT, AND
I HOPE YOU ALL UNDERSTAND LIKE,
IT WAS HARD.
>> FOR ME, KNOWING THAT JOEY WAS
BULLIED WAS SAD.
>> I WAS TRYING TO NOT TO BE SAD
IN FRONT OF HIM.
RIGHT.
INSIDE OF ME, I WAS CRYING, YOU
KNOW, I WANT THAT HE HAS A GOOD
LIFE.
NO MATTER WHAT.
>> SO IF YOU EXCUSE, I'M GONNA
GO RETOUCH MY MAKEUP AND I'LL BE
RIGHT BACK, OKAY?
>> Eureka: OH, OKAY.
IT'S A PROCESS, OBVIOUSLY.
>> YEAH, IT, IT'S A HARD
PROCESS.
>> Eureka: IT'S OKAY TO SAY THAT
IT'S HARD, IT'S OKAY TO BE
HONEST ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL.
>> FOR ME, LIKE A MAN, AS A MAN,
RIGHT?
>> Eureka: YEAH, I UNDERSTAND.
>> BUT, I LOVE HIM SO MUCH.
>> Eureka: YOU CAN TELL.
>> YEAH.
>> Eureka: YOU KNOW, I THINK
THERE'S A LOT MORE ACCEPTANCE
THERE THAN JOEY'S REALIZING.
>> ALL RIGHT, BIG GUY.
OH!
>> Eureka: THANK YOU FOR THE
FOOD.
IT WAS SO GOOD.
>> Eureka: AND UNTIL HE TALKS
ABOUT IT AND REALLY GETS
THROUGH, JOEY WON'T BE ABLE TO
EXPRESS HIMSELF UNAPOLOGETICALLY
WITH HIS PARENTS.
>> Eureka: OH, MY GOD, THEY'RE
SO CUTE.
>> YES, I KNOW.
LIKE, OH, MY GOD, I REALLY
NEEDED THIS MOMENT BECAUSE WE
NEVER HAD A MOMENT TO TALK ABOUT
IT LIKE THIS, SO LIKE THIS FEELS
GOOD, YOU KNOW.
SO, YEAH.
>> Eureka: BE PROUD OF YOURSELF.
>> YES, BE CAREFUL.
>> Eureka: THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
>> THANK YOU, I'LL SEE YOU
AROUND.
BYE.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: I'VE NEVER BEEN IN A
MEXICAN BORDER TOWN BEFORE.
>> I ALWAYS TELL PEOPLE LIKE,
IT'S NOT AS BAD AS YOU BELIEVE.
YOU KNOW?
YOU JUST GOT TO TAKE CARE.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: DO YOU PREFER IT IN DEL
RIO OR IN ACUNA?
>> HANGING OUT?
>> Bob: YEAH.
>> IN ACUNA.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: WOW, THAT WAS --
>> YEAH, I'M TELLING YOU, IF YOU
GOT A GREEN LIGHT, YOU'RE JUST
GOOD TO GO.
>> Bob: SO WE ARE IN MEXICO?
>> YES, WE ARE IN MEXICO.
>> Bob: OH MY GOD, WE'RE IN
MEXICO.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: YOU WENT TO ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL AND MIDDLE SCHOOL HERE?
>> I WENT TO THIS SCHOOL,
ACTUALLY.
>> Bob: RIGHT HERE?
>> THIS WAS MY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
WHEN I USED TO COME HERE.
THESE TWO, GIRLY AND STUFF.
>> Bob: YOU USED TO GET BULLIED
A LOT?
>> YEAH.
>> Bob: SO YOU WERE GETTING
BULLIED AND THAT KIND OF STUFF.
DO YOU HAVE ANY THOUGHT THAT
YOUR PARENTS LIKE MIGHT KNOW?
>> I DON'T KNOW, LIKE --
>> Bob: WHAT DO YOUR PARENTS
THINK YOU'RE DOING RIGHT NOW?
>> I TOLD MY DAD I HAD TO GO TO
DEL RIO FOR SOMETHING TO DO WITH
THE BANK.
>> Bob: DOES YOUR SISTER KNOW?
>> I DID COME OUT WITH HER LIKE
A LITTLE WHILE AGO.
>> Bob: YOUR SISTER.
OH, SHE'S SO CUTE.
>> SHELLY, THIS IS BOB.
>> Bob: JUST A LITTLE BOW, BAM.
ARE YOU COMING, BY THE WAY?
>> TO THE SHOW.
>> OH, YEAH, IF HE INVITE ME.
>> I MEAN, YOU'RE INVITED.
>> Bob: INVITE HER FORMALLY.
>> YES.
>> GO AHEAD.
>> OKAY, YOU'RE INVITED TO COME
TO THE SHOW.
>> NO.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Bob: LIKE WHAT DO YOU WANT
YOUR PERFORMANCE TO SAY?
LIKE WHAT DO YOU WANT IT, WHAT
DO YOU WANT IT TO BE?
>> I WANT IT TO SAY, HEY, THIS
IS ME, IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN ME.
>> Bob: OKAY.
>> I'M GAY AS FUCK.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Bob: DO YOU THINK YOUR
PARENTS WOULD EVER COME TO
SOMETHING LIKE THIS?
THEY'RE GONNA FIND OUT.
>> YEAH, I KNOW.
>> Bob: NOW DO YOU THINK THERE'S
ANY CHANCE THEY'D BE LIKE, OH, I
WISH I COULD HAVE COME?
>> I FEEL LIKE THE ONE THAT'S
GONNA FEEL THE MOST LIKE THAT IS
MY MOM.
>> YEAH.
>> Bob: WHAT IF YOU INVITED HER?
>> SHOULD I INVITE HER?
>> YEAH.
>> Bob: WELL, THAT'S NOT MY --
WAIT, I CAN'T MAKE THE DECISION.
>> I TOLD YOU YESTERDAY, SHE'S
GONNA BE MAD BECAUSE YOU DON'T
TELL HER.
YOU SHOULD TELL MOM JUST 'CAUSE
SHE WILL BE LIKE, MORE
UNDERSTANDABLE.
MY PARENTS WILL BE SUPPORTING
HIM.
>> I DON'T KNOW IF -- I STILL
HAVE PRETTY MUCH MIXED FEELINGS
ABOUT IT.
>> Bob: I THINK ESAEL DOESN'T
WANT TO BE QUESTIONED FOR WHO HE
IS.
HE JUST WANTS TO BE ABLE TO
EXIST, NOT HAVE TO JUSTIFY.
NOT HAVE TO EXPLAIN.
I THINK THAT HE FEELS LIKE IF HE
COMES OUT AS GAY, HE'S GONNA
BECOME HIS PARENTS' GAY KID.
AND HE'S WORRIED THAT THAT'S ALL
THEY'LL SEE.
>> Bob: I WOULD SAY THIS, I
MEAN, YOU ALL KNOW YOUR FAMILY
BETTER THAN I DO, AND IT IS A
MEMORY THAT YOU COULD SHARE WITH
YOUR FAMILY.
BUT ONLY IF YOU FEEL LIKE YOU'LL
BE SAFE.
>> YEAH.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, THE FACT THAT I'M JUST
DOING DRAG IS PRETTY, IT'S
PRETTY SCARY.
IN A WAY.
>> Bob: YOU'LL LOOK AMAZING.
>> I WILL LOOK AMAZING.
>> Bob: YOU'RE GONNA LOOK
STUNDRELINA, THEY'RE GONNA LIKE,
WOW.
>> YOU SHOULD SHAVE YOUR --
>> AM I GONNA SHAVE?
>> Bob: YES.
HE'S GONNA SHAVE.
>> BOB DOESN'T HAVE ANY HAIR SO,
DUH.
>> Bob: YEAH I DON'T EVEN HAVE
-- I DON'T EVEN HAVE EYEBROWS.
OH, MY GOD.
[LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> Shangela: THIS IS OUR AMAZING
CAMP SPACE.
>> OH, MY GOSH.
>> Shangela: OUR TEAM HAS
CREATED ALL OF THIS SO THAT YOU
CAN COME HERE, LET YOUR HAIR
DOWN.
>> YOU KNOW, I HAD MY 15-YEAR
HIGH SCHOOL REUNION HERE AND
JUST TO SEE THIS TRANSFORMED
INTO A SAFE SPACE IS JUST -- I
JUST, I'M JUST IN AWE.
>> Shangela: TAKE ME BACK TO
HIGH SCHOOL.
>> OKAY.
>> Shangela: TAKE ME BACK TO
YOUR FRESHMAN YEAR.
DO YOU REMEMBER YOUR FRESHMAN
YEAR?
>> THAT'S WHEN I KNEW THAT I WAS
A HOMOSEXUAL.
YOU KNOW, AND SO I TRIED COMING
OUT TO MY MOM, AND SO I PULLED
HER INTO MY BEDROOM.
I WAS LIKE, MOM, I GOT SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU, YOU KNOW, SUPER
HAPPY, SUPER WONDERFUL, AND I
WAS LIKE, I'M GAY.
AND THEN SHE'S LIKE, OKAY.
SHE ACTED TOTALLY COOL, AND THEN
SHE DID NOT TALK TO ME FOR THREE
DAYS.
AND I REMEMBER FEELING THAT
FEELING OF LIKE, I CAN'T LOSE MY
MOM, I CAN'T LOSE MY MOM.
I WAS DEVASTATED.
AND THEN A COUPLE YEARS PASSED,
I THINK I WAS 17 AT THE TIME, MY
BROTHER AND MY DAD ARE IN MY CAR
AND IT'S LIKE, TOTALED, THERE'S
A HUGE DENT IN THE FRONT, THE
FENDER IS LIKE SWINGING OUT AND
I'M LIKE, OH, MY GOD, LIKE, DID
DADDY GET INTO AN ACCIDENT?
>> Shangela: WHY, WHAT HAPPENED?
>> MY BROTHER'S LAUGHING, HE'S
LIKE, DAD KNOWS.
HE FOUND OUT TODAY, LIKE DAD
WENT OFF ROADING IN YOUR CAR.
AND MY MOM WAS LIKE, YOUR
BROTHER DECIDED TO TELL YOUR DAD
THAT YOU WERE GAY, MY DAD WAS
ENRAGED, HE WAS SO -- HE WAS
MORE ENRAGED THAN I EVER HAD
SEEN THAT MAN, AND I WAS
TERRIFIED.
>> Shangela: WOW.
>> HE COMES OUTSIDE AND HE'S
LIKE, MIJO, IT'S GONNA BE A VERY
CHALLENGING LIFE FOR YOU.
SO, AS HE'S EXPLAINING HIMSELF
TO ME, I COME TO FIND OUT THAT
HE LOST TWO OF HIS COUSINS
BECAUSE OF LGBT ISSUES.
ONE OF OUR FIRST COUSINS THAT HE
KNEW THAT PASSED AWAY WAS DUE TO
HIV.
AND THE SECOND COUSIN THAT HE
LOST WAS TO SUICIDE.
AND SO MY DAD JUST WAS LIKE,
DON'T COMMIT SUICIDE, YOU KNOW,
BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU'RE OUT THERE
HAVING SEX, YOU KNOW.
AND I'M LOOKING AT HIM LIKE,
THIS IS NOT THE REACTION I'M
EXPECTING.
ANOTHER YEAR PASSED AND I
GRADUATED EARLY, I GRADUATED
ON MY 18th BIRTHDAY.
SO I MOVED TO TULSA, OKLAHOMA,
AND ONE NIGHT I GOT REALLY SICK
DRINKING WITH MY FRIENDS, YOU
KNOW, AND I WOKE UP AND I WAS
BEING SEXUALLY ASSAULTED THE
NEXT MORNING.
I WAS LIKE, STOP.
I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS.
THIS IS NOT MY MOMENT, THIS IS
NOT MY TIME, LIKE, I'M A VIRGIN.
AND THAT MOMENT SHOOK ME.
EVERYTHING THAT MY DAD WARNED ME
ABOUT, I JUST EXPERIENCED AND I
MADE HIS TRUTH COME TO FRUITION.
SO I WENT HOME TO TEXAS AND I
TOLD MY PARENTS.
AND MY DAD AND MY MOM WERE SO
SUPPORTIVE.
THEY EMBRACED THEIR CHILD THAT
HAD EXPERIENCED TRAUMA AND IT
WAS LIKE, STEP ONE OF LIKE,
COMING TO TERMS WITH WHAT
HAPPENED TO ME, BUT I IGNORED IT
FOR YEARS.
I WAS LIKE 25, 26, WHEN I WAS
LIKE, YOU HAVE TO FORGIVE
YOURSELF.
THERE COMES A MOMENT WHERE YOU
JUST HAVE TO LET IT GO.
AND YOU CAN'T BE THE VICTIM
ANYMORE OR IT'S GONNA HOLD YOU
HOSTAGE FOR THE REST OF YOUR
LIFE.
>> Shangela: DO YOU FEEL LIKE
THE VICTIM TODAY?
>> NO, NOT AT ALL.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE CONQUERED.
I ACCEPTED MYSELF FOR WHO I WAS
THROUGH AND THROUGH.
>> Shangela: YOU SHOULD BE SO
PROUD OF YOURSELF.
>> IT'S -- IT'S BEEN A JOURNEY.
>> Shangela: GIVE ME A HUG.
>> IT'S BEEN A JOURNEY.
>> Shangela: I THINK BRUNO GETS
HIS LIFE BEING A ROLE MODEL.
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT FOR HIM TO
BE THE CHANGE THAT HE WANTED TO
SEE WHEN HE WAS YOUNGER.
>> Shangela: ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO AND LOOK AT SOME
FABULOUS STUFF.
>> OKAY, LET'S GO.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: LOOK AT THIS HOMOSEXUAL
SQUAD COMING UP TO YOU.
LOOK AT -- I AM THE GAY ARMY
LEADER RIGHT NOW.
>> Eureka: THESE BOOTS ARE IT,
BITCH.
>> DANG.
>> Eureka: YES.
>> SO, I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU'RE
DOING A SELENA PERFORMANCE?
>> YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS AMAZING!
OH, MY GOD, THE TOWN IS GONNA,
LIKE, EXPLODE OF HAPPINESS AND
JOY.
LIKE, SELENA'S A HUGE THING FOR
DEL RIO.
>> Eureka: PERFORMANCE-WISE, I
WAS REALLY WANTING TO GO LIKE,
HIGH FASHION, RUNWAY.
>> THINK, LIKE, 18TH CENTURY
MARIE ANTOINETTE.
>> WE'RE GONNA START OUT IN THIS
FULL GOWN VERSION OF THINGS, AND
THEN THAT SKIRT IS GONNA ALL
PEEL OFF.
>> I'M GONNA HAVE MY MADONNA
MOMENT.
>> Bob: OH, NO, IT'S A CAPE, NO.
>> NO, WE'RE NOT GONNA DO THAT.
I WILL BE RIGGING THAT CORRECTLY
SO YOU WON'T GET CHOKED AND
PULLED DOWN THE STAIRS.
>> Bob: LISTEN, HE KNOWS A
MADONNA REFERENCE, WE ARE
HALFWAY THERE.
>> I WANTED TO INCORPORATE MAYBE
SOME LITTLE ACCESSORIES FOR YOUR
PARENTS, FOR THE FOLKS IF, YOU
KNOW, IF THEY'RE INTO IT.
>> Eureka: HELL YEAH.
>> SO WE HAVE LIKE SOME FABULOUS
SORT OF, LIKE, A COLLAR.
>> THAT IS SO CUTE.
>> YOU'VE NEVER BEEN IN DRAG
BEFORE, EVER?
>> NO.
>> Bob: HOW DO YOU FEEL BEING
SURROUNDED BY ALL THESE LIKE,
QUEER PEOPLE?
>> I MEAN, IT'S A LOT TO TAKE
IN.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Bob: THAT'S WHAT HE SAID.
>> SO I'M GONNA BE LIKE, KIND OF
A HALF-DRESS.
>> I LOVE THIS.
>> YARDS AND YARDS AND --
>> I DON'T MIND SHOWING ASS, I
DON'T MIND SHOWING LEGS OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
[LAUGHTER]
>> OH, YES.
>> Bob: OH, IT'S BABY'S FIRST
WIG.
BEAR IN MIND IT'S GONNA BE --
SHE'S GONNA BE STYLED.
>> THIS ONE IS THE LONGEST.
>> HONESTLY, I LIKE THIS ONE.
>> Eureka: WHO IS SHE?
SHE KNOW ME.
TYRA BANKS, WHO?
>> GIRL BETTER KNOW WHO SHE IS.
>> BITCH, YOU'RE SO FIERCE.
>> YES.
>> Bob: ARE THERE SOME
HOMOSEXUALS HERE?
>> Shangela: OH, I KNEW IT.
I LOVE IT.
>> Bob: ARE THERE ANY GAYS?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Shangela: LOCK THE DOOR!
>> HOW ARE YOU, BOB?
OH, MY GOD, IT'S SO GREAT TO
MEET YOU.
>> Shangela: BOB, THIS IS BRUNO.
>> Bob: I KNOW, BRUNO'S A
CELEBRITY.
>> Bob: I REALLY DO THINK IT IS
VERY IMPORTANT TO HAVE QUEER
MENTORS, ESPECIALLY THAT YOU
ADMIRE.
I WANT ESAEL TO TALK TO BRUNO,
LEARN FROM BRUNO, SEE THAT BRUNO
IS SO BELOVED AND REALLY, LIKE,
LEAN INTO THAT.
AND GET SOME OF THAT FOR
HIMSELF.
>> Bob: LIKE, WITH ESAEL,
NOT A LOT OF QUEER
FRIENDS, HE WOULD SAY
HOW IMPORTANT IT IS WHEN HE
MEETS OTHER MEXICAN PEOPLE, AND
I WAS LIKE, IT IS THE SAME WHEN
PEOPLE WHO SHARE YOUR HERITAGE
OR YOUR, YOU KNOW, ORIENTATION
YOU JUST, YOU JUST CONNECT ON A
DIFFERENT LEVEL.
>> SURE.
>> Bob: I'M EXCITED FOR HIM TO
SEE, YOU KNOW, OBVIOUSLY A
POSITIVE QUEER INFLUENCES IN
THIS TOWN.
AND HE KNOWS WHO YOU ARE, SO.
>> THAT'D BE GREAT TO MEET.
♪ ♪
>> OH, HEY.
>> HELLO.
>> HOW'S IT GOING?
WELCOME TO MY HOME, SIR.
I DO HUGS.
SO, WELCOME, WELCOME.
THIS IS THE BACKYARD WHERE ALL
THE KIKIS HAPPEN.
>> THE KIKI.
>> SO, THE KIKIS.
>> I THINK I MET YOU WHEN YOU
WON THE ELECTIONS.
THE FIRST TIME YOU WENT TO THE
HIGH SCHOOL, I BELIEVE.
>> OH, YEAH, YEAH, I WENT TO THE
HIGH SCHOOL.
>> YEAH, I REMEMBER YOU WALKED
IN AND YOU SHAKE OUR HANDS AND
I, WHEN I HEARD THAT YOU WON THE
ELECTIONS I WAS JUST LIKE, OH,
MY GOD, LIKE BRUNO WON THE
ELECTIONS.
AND HE'S GAY, YOU KNOW, NOT
THAT THAT OVERSHADOWS YOU, YOU
KNOW BUT IT --
>> RIGHT, BUT I THINK BEING FROM
DEL RIO --
>> BUT I FELT REALLY GOOD FOR
YOU BECAUSE I'VE ALWAYS FELT
LIKE THESE TWO TOWNS HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN PRETTY MUCH CONSERVATIVE.
>> WERE YOU ALREADY AWARE THAT
YOU WERE GAY WHEN I WON MY
ELECTION?
>> YES.
I USED TO BE REALLY PARANOID.
I USED TO ALWAYS THINK THAT IT
WILL NEVER GET BETTER.
I HAVEN'T EVEN TOLD MY PARENTS
ABOUT MY SEXUALITY.
>> YOUR PARENTS?
>> UH-HUH.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT LIKE I DON'T
HAVE A GOOD BONDING WITH MY
PARENTS, I DO.
BUT WHENEVER IT COMES TO, LIKE,
YOU KNOW, DATING OR ANYTHING
LIKE THAT, I DON'T THINK I'VE
EVER TAKEN ANYONE TO MY HOUSE.
OR, YOU KNOW, LIKE, PRESENTED
ANYONE TO THEM, YOU KNOW.
>> I, HONESTLY, DIDN'T TALK
ABOUT MY SEXUALITY FOR YEARS
WITH MY MOM BECAUSE I JUST
DIDN'T WANT HER -- I WANTED TO
RESPECT HER VALUE SYSTEM AND I'M
A MAMA'S BOY, ALWAYS HAVE BEEN.
>> SAME WITH ME.
>> YEAH.
>> NOW SHE'S OUT THERE WITH THE
BIGGEST PRIDE T-SHIRT SHE HAS,
SHE HAS ONE WITH MY TIAS, ALL,
EVERYBODY, THE WHOLE FAMILY, YOU
KNOW, BUT LET ME TELL YOU, ONCE
YOU SAY IT, IT'S LIKE YOU'RE
FREE.
LIKE, YOU'RE -- YOU'RE LIFTED,
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR CLOSET.
THE AFTER EFFECT IS THE SUPPORT
COMES FLOODING IN.
I MEAN, AND YOU START BUILDING
YOUR FOUNDATION BECAUSE YOU'RE
RECOGNIZING AND YOU'RE
ACKNOWLEDGING YOUR TRUE SELF.
I MEAN, YOU LOOK AT THE BENEFITS
OF IT AND THEN YOU FORGET ABOUT
WHAT ARE THE WORST CASE SCENARIO
COMES OUT.
>> WHAT'S THE WORST CASE
SCENARIO?
>> I MEAN, BEING -- ME BEING
KICKED OUT OF THE HOUSE OR
ANYTHING.
>> DO YOU HAVE A PLACE TO GO?
>> NO.
>> WHAT HAPPENS IF -- WHAT
HAPPENS IF YOU GET KICKED OUT
FROM YOUR HOME?
>> I MEAN, I DO HAVE PLACES TO
GO.
MY AUNTS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN VERY
SUPPORTIVE.
>> DO THEY KNOW?
>> YEAH, THEY KNOW.
THEY KNOW I'M DOING THIS SHOW.
>> SO, MIJO, YOUR WHOLE FAMILY
KNOWS EXCEPT FOR THE TWO MOST
IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN YOUR LIFE?
>> I KNOW, RIGHT.
I KNOW.
>> YOU HAVE THE SUPPORT RIGHT
HERE.
I MEAN, YOU REALLY DO.
>> I PERSONALLY DON'T HAVE ANY
GAY FRIENDS, YOU KNOW.
>> YOU HAVE A GAY FRIEND NOW.
YOU HAVE ME.
>> THANK YOU.
>> AND YOU ALWAYS WELCOME TO
COME BY, AND LIKE, I CAN TEACH
YOU THE ROPES.
ACUNA HAS AN LGBT YOUTH
PROGRAM THERE AT THE CITY HALL,
THEY HAVE IT THERE.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
>> YES, A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T
KNOW THAT.
SO YOU HAVE A BI-NATIONAL, DUAL
CITY SUPPORT SYSTEM FOR NOT JUST
YOURSELF, BUT FOR YOUR FAMILY
AND YOUR PARENTS.
>> OKAY.
>> AND THAT'S WHAT I'M TRYING TO
SHARE WITH YOU, IS THAT, LIKE,
YOU KNOW, ON YOUR OWN TERMS WHEN
YOU LOOK AT YOURSELF IN THE
MIRROR AND YOU'RE READY FOR THAT
MOMENT, DON'T BACK OUT.
JUST DO IT, JUST LIVE YOUR LIFE.
JUST DO IT, IT'S AN AMAZING
BREATH OF FRESH AIR.
>> I KNOW.
I BET IT IS.
IT'S AMAZING TO TALK TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.
>> OH, YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
♪ ♪
>> Bob: THIS IS MARVIN.
THIS IS A FAMILY PICTURE.
>> TWO DADS.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Eureka: IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU'RE NERVOUS ABOUT FOR THE
PERFORMNCE?
>> FALLING ON MY ASS BUT, GIRL,
I WILL FALL ON MY ASS AND PICK
MYSELF RIGHT UP.
>> THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO HEAR.
>> Eureka: YEAH.
>> LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHT,
LEFT, RIGHT, DOWN, HUH.
>> Shangela: OKAY, DON'T GET OFF
BALANCE IN THE PUMP.
[LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
>> Bob: WORK.
>> YEAH?
CAN I SEE IT.
♪ ♪
>> Shangela: STOP.
WHERE'S THAT OTHER HAND?
HERE.
♪ ♪
>> ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR.
>> Shangela: COME ON, MAYOR.
>> FIVE, SHIMMY, SHIMMY, HUH.
>> SQUEEZE, PUSH TIGHT.
>> Shangela: YES, THERE IT IS.
>> I KNOW, LIKE, I GOT THIS, BUT
I DON'T' KNOW WHY I'M GETTING MY
NERVES GET INTO THIS.
>> Eureka: REMEMBER THAT FASHION
VIBE THAT YOU LOVE SO MUCH?
WHO'S YOUR FAVORITE?
>> CARMEN DELOPEZ.
>> Eureka: SHOW ME.
HOW WOULD SHE WALK?
>> SO SHE WOULD BE LIKE --
>> Eureka: GIVE ME A CARMEN
RIGHT NOW.
>> YEAH, SEE WHAT'S THAT I WANT
EVERY TIME YOU WALK.
YES, LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
♪ ♪
>> YES!
>> TWIST, TWIST, TWIST, TWIST,
TWIST, TWIST, TWIST, TWIST,
TWIST, TWIST, YES.
♪ ♪
>> WHIP IT, WHIP IT, YES.
SHE GOES, SHE GOES --
>> Bob: WE ARE DESTINY'S CHILD.
[LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
>> THERE'S NEW THINGS THAT ARE
COMING TO ME.
NEW PRONOUNS, NEW GENDER ROLES.
SO I FEEL LIKE, IN THIS MOMENT
RIGHT NOW,
I DON'T FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH
BEING A BOY AND A GIRL, I FEEL
COMFORTABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF
BOTH, IF I COME OUT AS GENDER
NONBINARY TO MY PARENTS, EVEN
THOUGH IT'S SOMETHING THAT I
FEEL IN MY HEART IS RIGHT FOR
ME, IT'S SOMETHING THAT, LIKE,
SCARES ME TO TELL THEM, LIKE
OKAY, LIKE, I'M GOING TO DO THIS
FOR MYSELF, AND THEM NOT
ACCEPTING IT AND THEM, LIKE,
CAUSING A DIVISION AGAIN.
>> YOU GONNA WEAR THIS?
>> SO YEAH, I'M ONLY PROBABLY
WEAR LIKE ONE OF THESE SPARKLY
THE RHINESTONES.
BUT I NORMALLY SOAK THEM IN
HOT WATER AND THEN JUST TAKE
THEM OFF.
>> OH, OKAY.
>> DO YOU KNOW WHAT ANDROGYNOUS
IS?
>> MM-MMM.
>> SO ANDROGYNOUS IS LIKE, NOT
BELIEVING LIKE THERE'S JUST MAN
AND FEMALE, YOU KNOW, YOU'RE NOT
A MAN OR A WOMAN.
YOU'RE NOT ANY MORE, YOU'RE NOT
ANY LESS.
I FEEL LIKE I'M IN BETWEEN,
BUT I JUST WANTED TO LIKE, PUT
IT OUT THERE, YOU KNOW.
BECAUSE IT'S SOMETHING THAT WE
DO PUSH AWAY, THAT WE
NECESSARILY DON'T TALK ABOUT IT
BECAUSE I'M SCARED, 'CAUSE WE
HAVE -- WE MADE IT THIS FAR, NOW
I WANT YOU TO MAKE IT MORE FAR
WITH ME.
THIS HAS BEEN SOMETHING THAT,
LIKE, I'VE BEEN QUESTIONING
MYSELF ABOUT, I'VE BEEN BEATING
MYSELF UP ABOUT MY IDENTITY.
BUT I JUST DON'T WANT, YOU
KNOW, LIKE YOU ALL FEEL
DISAPPOINTED, IN A WAY.
>> WELL, FOR US YOU ARE OUR SON.
YOU HAVE TO PUT YOUR OWN PART ON
BEING INCLUDING THIS FAMILY.
YOU ARE A COUSIN, A GRANDSON, A
SON, YOUR SISTER'S BROTHER.
>> I'M STILL IN TOUCH WITH THEM,
I'M STILL HERE TALKING TO YOU
TWO.
AT LEAST IF I HAVE YALL'S
SUPPORT, THAT'S ALL I CARE
ABOUT.
THAT'S WHAT I'M TRYING TO SAY.
IF I DIDN'T WANTED TO BE A PART
OF THIS FAMILY --
>> NO, NO, NO.
>> I HAVE OTHER OPPORTUNITIES.
WHAT DID YOU WANT TO SAY?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> MAMA, BUT IT'S A TIME FOR ME
ABOUT ME BEING ME.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> ALL THIS TIME I'VE BEEN
COMFORTING YOU ALL TO YOU ALL
LIKINGS.
>> HEY, MIJO, CALM DOWN.
>> NO, NO, NO, BUT -- YOU DO NOT
UNDERSTAND ME AND I DO NOT
UNDERSTAND YOU.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I RESPECTED EVERYBODY, MOMMY.
I'M NOT [SPANISH] SIMPLY BY
MOVING OUT.
BY BEING MYSELF SOMEWHERE ELSE.
YOU KNOW?
I NEED TO LEARN ABOUT HOW I WANT
TO IDENTIFY.
>> YES, THAT DON'T MAKE IT ALL
ABOUT YOU BEING YOU.
>> OKAY, OKAY.
CAN WE JUST PAUSE, PLEASE?
>> AY YAY.
>> [SIGHS]
>> I LITERALLY FEEL LIKE THIS
CONVERSATION IS GETTING
ANYWHERE, IT'S GETTING ME MORE
PISSED.
[SIGHS]
>> I THINK THAT WHAT THEY'RE
TRYING TO SAY IS THAT THEY JUST
NEED YOU TO RECOGNIZE THAT IT'S
GONNA TAKE THEM A MINUTE.
>> YEAH, IT'S LIKE, I UNDERSTAND
THAT BUT THEY'RE BRINGING ALL OF
THIS OTHER SHIT THAT MAKES NO
SENSE.
IT'S NOT ABOUT RESPECT, ABOUT
MORALITY, AND ALL THAT SHIT.
>> AND I THINK PART OF THAT JUST
COMES FROM THEM NOT NECESSARILY
UNDERSTANDING.
AND YOU JUST NEED TO BE PATIENT
WITH EACH OTHER.
>> OKAY.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
AND THERE ARE THINGS WE DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
>> THE WHOLE CONCEPT LIKE, HOW
YOU SAID, I'M ALWAYS GONNA BE
YOUR LITTLE BOY.
I DON'T NECESSARILY FEEL COMFORT
IN THOSE PRONOUNS.
I COULD CARE LESS AT THIS POINT,
LIKE WHAT ANYBODY ELSE HAS TO
SAY ABOUT ME OR THINK ABOUT ME,
I HAVE TO FEEL COMFORT IN MY OWN
HOME.
YOU ALL MAY HAVE QUESTIONS, BUT
SAME TIMES, I DON'T EVEN HAVE
THOSE ANSWERS FOR MYSELF FOR YOU
ALL.
I'M STILL ON THIS ROAD OF
DISCOVERY FOR MYSELF.
>> TRY TO PUT ON OUR SHOES.
>> LIKE PUT ME IN YOUR POSITION,
YEAH.
LIKE ME IN YOUR POSITIONS, YEAH
I UNDERSTAND.
>> YES, WE -- WE UNDERSTAND, WE
UNDERSTAND THE --
>> AND WE ARE TRYING.
>> TO PROCESS AS WELL.
>> BECAUSE IT'S NOT EASY, BUT
LOVE MAKE, MAKE LESS HARD.
>> I HATE YOU ALL BUT I LOVE YOU
ALL.
[LAUGHS]
>> Shangela: DOWNTOWN LIKE THIS,
ISN'T THIS NICE?
>> HOW'S IT GOING, SIR?
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
BIENVENIDA.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
HELLO, COUNCILMEN, HOW'S IT
GOING?
>> ESTA BIEN.
>> IF I COULD PLEASE HAVE
DEL RIO SAFE THE CONSULATE OF
GUATEMALA AND MEXICO AND ALSO
OUR THREE SPECIAL GUESTS COME
AND MEET ME HERE AT THE CENTER
AREA, PLEASE.
>> Bob: OH, WOW, ARE WE THE
SPECIAL GUESTS?
I THINK WE'RE THE SPECIAL
GUESTS.
>> Eureka: OH, OKAY.
>> AS WE ALL KNOW, JUNE IS
INTERNATIONALLY KNOWN AS PRIDE
MONTH, AND AS I'VE DONE FOR THE
LAST THREE YEARS, I HAVE
PROCLAIMED JUNE AS PRIDE MONTH
HERE IN DEL RIO, TEXAS.
SO I PROCLAIM IN OFFICIAL CITY
RECORD WHEREAS THE CITY OF DEL
RIO TEXAS JOINS OTHER
MUNICIPALITIES ACROSS THE STATE,
NATION, AND WORLD TO JOIN THE
RECOGNITION OF LGBTQ+ COMMUNITY
AND WHEREAS BOB THE DRAG QUEEN,
EUREKA O'HARA, AND SHANGELA
LAQUIFA WADLEY ARE LGBTQ+
ADVOCATES FOR DIVERSITY AND
INCLUSION.
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BRUNO J.
LOZANO, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF DEL
RIO, TEXAS, DO HEREBY PROCLAIM
JUNE 21 AS PRIDE MONTH.
[APPLAUSE]
>> CONGRATULATIONS.
A KEY TO THE CITY.
>> Shangela: THANK YOU.
THE KEY.
>> Eureka: HONESTLY, IT REALLY
IS SO SPECIAL TO GET THE KEY TO
THE CITY.
YOU KNOW, POLITICS AND QUEER
CULTURE HAVE NOT BEEN VERY
FRIENDLY AND THE FACT THAT BRUNO
IS A PART OF THE POLITICS HERE
IS HUGE FOR DEL RIO.
THERE'S MAYBE SOME PUSH BACK BUT
HONESTLY I THINK DEL RIO IS
READY FOR A DRAG SHOW AND,
HONEY, I THINK THEY'RE GONNA
SHOW UP.
♪ ♪
>> HI, EVERYONE, THE MAYOR'S
HERE.
HI, MOTHER SHANGELA.
♪ ♪
>> IT'S A MOMENT, OH, MY GOSH.
>> LIKE HERE, AND I JUST TURN.
>> OH, WOW.
OKAY.
GIRL, THAT'S A CALF WORKOUT, MY
CALVES ARE GONNA BE BOMB.
>> Bob: GOOD.
WHO'S CONFIRMED THAT THEY'RE
COMING TONIGHT?
>> MY FAMILY IS COMING.
>> Bob: WAIT, WHO?
>> MY FAMILY.
>> Bob: WELL, LIKE YOUR --
>> MY PARENTS.
>> Bob: ARE THEY REALLY?
>> YEAH, THEY'RE COMING.
>> Bob: WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
WHAT?
WHAT, WHAT DID YOU, WHAT DID YOU
SAY?
>> DON'T MAKE ME CRY 'CAUSE I
CRIED TOO MUCH ALREADY, OKAY.
>> Bob: NO, I WON'T MAKE YOU
CRY.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
WAIT, WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> I TOLD THEM EVERYTHING.
JUST EVERYTHING, AND IT WAS
LIKE, REALLY AMAZING.
YOU KNOW.
>> Bob: WHAT DID THEY SAY?
LIKE, WHAT HAPPENED?
>> MY MOM JUST WAS IN TEARS BUT
NOT LIKE BAD TEARS, SHE WAS
LIKE, THERE'S NOTHING THAT CAN
MAKE ME STOP LOVING YOU FOR
BEING WHO YOU ARE, YOU KNOW, I
WILL ALWAYS BE NEXT TO YOU.
AND IT WAS JUST LIKE, IT JUST
FELT LIKE, SUPER AMAZING, YOU
KNOW.
>> Bob: WHAT, IT -- WHAT
INSPIRED YOU TO TELL THEM?
>> YOU JUST HAVE, LIKE, THAT
REALITY CHECK WHERE YOU'RE LIKE
OKAY, THIS IS IMPORTANT, YOU
KNOW, THIS IS BIG AND I FELT
LIKE AS THOUGH I HAD TO SHARE
IT WITH THEM.
>> Bob: OH, MY GOD!
THAT'S SO MAJOR!
>> THANK YOU.
>> Bob: CAN I TELL EVERYONE?
>> YEAH.
>> Bob: HEY, EVERYONE!
ESAEL'S PARENTS ARE COMING TO
THE SHOW!
[CHEERING]
>> Bob: HE CAME OUT TO THEM
TODAY!
OH, MY GOD!
ISN'T THAT AMAZING?
>> Shangela: YAY!
GROUP HUG!
GROUP HUG, GIRL.
>> Bob: GROUP LOVE, GROUP LOVE.
>> Eureka: WELCOME TO THE
FAMILY.
>> WHEN I TELL MY DAD HE WAS
LIKE, OH, MY GOD, YOU'RE GONNA
WIN!
I WAS JUST LIKE, IT'S NOT A
COMPETITION.
IT'S NOT A COMPETITION.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Shangela: OH, THIS IS
AWESOME.
SO HAPPY.
>> THANK YOU BOB.
>> Bob: GLORIA, DID YOU HEAR?
>> I'M OVER HERE CRYING.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Bob: NOW YOU, YOU WON'T HAVE
TO LIE ABOUT WHERE YOU'RE GOING
OR WHAT YOU'RE DOING, HOW YOU'RE
SPENDING YOUR TIME.
>> HUGE.
I'M SO JEALOUS.
[LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
>> Shangela: WELCOME TO EVERYONE
WHO CAN HEAR THE SOUND OF MY
VOICE, ALL OF YOU THAT HAVE COME
HERE TO THE HISTORIC BROWN PLAZA
TOGETHER.
HOW YOU DOING, DEL RIO?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> Shangela: HALLELOO, DEL RIO!
YOU KNOW, WHEN WE FIRST FOUND
OUT WE WERE COMING TO DEL RIO,
SOMEBODY SAID, ARE WE GONNA BE
WELCOME?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
THERE ARE TIMES THAT PEOPLE MAY
NOT BELIEVE THAT IT IS GOOD TO
BE TOGETHER TO CELEBRATE EACH
OTHER FOR LOVING WHO YOU LOVE,
FOR BEING WHO YOU ARE FOR
CELEBRATING YOURSELF, FOR LOVING
YOURSELF, AND TONIGHT, LOOKING
AROUND, I CAN TELL THAT DEL RIO
IS ALL ABOUT THE LOVE!
HALLELOO!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> THIS IS ME COMING OUT, YOU
KNOW.
I SEE MY PARENTS.
>> THIS IS NOTHING THAT'S EASY,
LIKE EVEN THOUGH IT'S SOMETHING
THAT I FEEL IN MY HEART IS RIGHT
FOR ME, THIS TIME IT'S BECOME
MORE LIKE MORE INDEPENDENTLY
MYSELF.
>> Shangela: PLEASE WELCOME TO
THE STAGE THE NEW DIVAS,
EVANGELINE O'HARA AND HER
MOTHER, MY SISTER,
MISS EUREKA O'HARA!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> Eureka: WE'VE GOT MOM AND DAD
IN THE HOUSE.
GIVE IT UP FOR MOM AND DAD!
THEY GOT THE GUCCIS ON, SHOW
THEM, LOOK.
>> SHOW THEM, MAMA!
SPIN, MOM!
YEAH.
>> Eureka: GIVE IT UP FOR MOM
AND DAD!
>> Eureka: WE HAVE ACTUALLY BEEN
WORKING ON OUR DISCOVERY, AS FAR
AS, LIKE, OUR GENDER EXPRESSION
AND GENDER IDENTITY AND THE
THING IS, JOEY LIKES TO PRESENT
THEMSELVES IN A NON-BINARY, FEM
BOY STATURE IN THE DAY TIME,
WITH HEELS, MAKEUP, ALL THE
GALORES.
IF Y'ALL DON'T KNOW HER, SHE BE
SERVING EVERY DAY.
>> I WAS ALWAYS SIMPLY AFRAID OF
TRUSTING MYSELF AND, YOU KNOW,
COMMITTING TO WHO I REALLY
WANTED TO BE.
YOU HAVE TO LEARN HOW TO LIVE IN
YOUR OWN MIND, IN YOUR OWN
WORLD.
WE ONLY HAVE ONE LIFE AND
WE HAVE TO MAKE THE BEST OUT OF
IT.
RIGHT?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> YES!
♪ ♪
>> EVERYTHING THAT I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN SCARED OF, EVERYTHING THAT
I USED TO BE BULLIED FOR, I WANT
TO JUST OVERCOME THAT SO I FEEL
LIKE THIS COULD HELP ME A LOT
GAIN MORE CONFIDENCE FOR MYSELF.
REGARDLESS OF THE OUTCOME.
>> I'M GONNA MESS UP.
>> NO, YOU'RE NOT.
>> AND I'LL LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
>> Shangela: PLEASE WELCOME TO
THE STAGE, BOB THE DRAG QUEEN
AND MISS CECE NO!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> I AM SO GLAD THAT I GOT TO
SHARE THIS EXPERIENCE WITH ALL
MY FAMILY.
IT FEELS REALLY POWERFUL.
>> FOR ME, BEING IN DRAG AND
PERFORMING WILL OPEN UP EYES,
IT'LL -- IT'LL OPEN UP HEARTS,
IT'LL SAY, OUR MAYOR IS STILL
HIMSELF.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> Eureka: I WANT YOU TO PLEASE
GIVE A HUGE ROUND OF APPLAUSE
FOR SHANGELA AND LUMI BURNETT
WADLEY AKA, BRUNO THE MAYOR!
♪ ♪
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> Shangela: LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, MAKE SOME NOISE!
♪ ♪
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> Shangela: I AM SO EXCITED TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO SOMEONE YOU MAY
ALREADY KNOW, BUT NOT LIKE THIS.
[APPLAUSE]
SOMEONE WHO KNOWS THAT ONE
PARTICULAR THING YOU DO IN YOUR
LIFE DOES NOT DEFINE WHO YOU
ARE, YOU CAN BE A DRAG QUEEN ON
WEDNESDAY NIGHT AND THE MAYOR ON
THURSDAY MORNING, OKAY!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
>> NEVER GIVE UP LIVING YOUR
DREAM.
NEVER STOP TRYING TO MAKE
YOURSELF A BETTER LIFE HERE IN
THIS COMMUNITY.
REPRESENT AND STAND PROUD AND
TALL FOR WHO YOU ARE, RIGHT HERE
IN THIS MOMENT!
FEEL ALL THIS ENERGY RIGHT HERE
IN DEL RIO, TEXAS, THAT IS US!
THIS IS OUR HISTORIC MOMENT AND
WE'RE GOING TO LIVE IT FREELY!
>> Shangela: YES!
HALLELOO, EVERYBODY!
>> HALLELOO, DEL RIO!
[APPLAUSE]
>> I FEEL BEAUTIFUL, I FEEL GAY
AS FUCK.
[LAUGHS]
THAT'S -- THAT'S FOR SURE.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> WOW, YOU SURPRISED ME.
>> [CRYING]
THIS HONESTLY MEANS EVERYTHING,
JUST HAVING YOU OUT THERE FRONT
ROW MEANT EVERYTHING, THANK YOU
ALL SO MUCH.
>> OH, MY GOD, YOU ARE CRYING.
DID YOU LOVE IT?
>> YES.
>> DADDY WOULD BE SO PROUD.
>> COME HERE!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
[LAUGHS]
>> Shangela: IF YOU DON'T SEE A
REFLECTION OF YOURSELF IN YOUR
COMMUNITY THEN YOU START TO FEEL
LIKE, IS WHO I AM EVEN VALID?
SEEING SOMEONE LIKE BRUNO
SHOULD MEAN A LOT TO SOMEONE
WHO'S IN THIS COMMUNITY.
IT GIVES YOU THE ABILITY TO
DREAM AND SHOWS YOU THAT
SOMETHING IS POSSIBLE OUTSIDE
YOURSELF.
YOU CAN BE MORE FABULOUS, BE
MORE OPEN TO EMBRACING WHO YOU
ARE.
>> HAPPY PRIDE, EVERYBODY!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪